it's Friday the Friday before super bowl
sunday and most of you know I'm a huge
Patriots fan I'm wearing red tom brady
jersey the last time I wore this jersey
to a game the Patriots lost to the
giants at Foxboro Stadium this past year
the year before that or the time before
that that I wore a two-game Patriot
sauce to the Giants in the Super Bowl do
you think I'm going to be wearing it
this someday I don't think Pete riete
that's actually cheers down there and
that's the Patriots oh just your sign
who are you looking to it and do you
believe in superstition do you have an
outfit you will not wear because you
think your team will lose or do you have
an outfit that you have to wonder so you
think your team will win and I tried to
shoot this video over by the Gronk
llings but somebody already took the
shirts off of the little ducklings which
is kind of disappointing i was hoping to
show them to all of you but i'm going to
upload a picture anyway so you can see
them spreadshirt com did it and they're
super cute also I was going to share
with all of you a little encounter a
personal encounter I had with Rob
Gronkowski himself last summer I was in
newport rhode island and by coincidence
he and bruce willis both ended up being
at the same exact restaurant at the same
time that i was there obviously I didn't
say anything to Bruce Willis but I did
go up and say hi to rob gronkowski I'm a
big fan and I asked him what the deal
was with the strike and whether or not
it was getting it resolved and he told
me it was and that right before he was
leaving he tapped me on the shoulder and
he asked me if I knew the bar that all
the 21 year olds in Newport Rhode Island
hang out at
span only did he call me old but he also
kind of threw himself into the bus and
played into the image that kind of has
now and he's stuck with but yo soy
fiesta so I'm pretty doing that the
Patriots are going to win 28 220 for no
reason just because I want my team to
win and so I've uploaded a few awesome
super bowl recipes over the course the
past year and two specific recently one
in which i predicted the Patriots would
be in the Super Bowl one is featuring a
two ingredient slow cooker recipe the
other one is a skinny buffalo chicken
recipe buffalo chicken dip featuring
laughing cow cheese and i always too
awkward filming in public i know a lot
of youtubers do it but I'm just never
that comfortable with it I don't think
you do get more comfortable so it's
finally freezing out here in Boston it's
been unseasonable warm I bought some new
boots this past fall there by earth
they're on an incline so you burn some
calories when you wear them it hasn't
been cold enough for me to wear them yet
I got them from Planet shoes so they're
not real leather for all of you PETA
fans out there but yeah so I just wanted
to say today go Patriots I'm like I said
yesterday I'm going to be doing a blog
every single or a vlog every single day
or every single weekday for the month of
febuary so this is the third one so if
you've missed my other two videos in
febuary make sure you go check them out
links are here and here all right go
pats
you